107001 - This is an alert log message. The security appliance received a RIP reply message with bad authentication. This message might be caused by a misconfiguration on the router or the security appliance or by an unsuccessful attempt to attack the routing table of the security appliance.
107002 - This is an alert log message. This message could be caused by a router bug, a packet with non-RFC values inside, or a malformed entry. This should not happen, and may be an attempt to exploit routing table of the security appliance.
320001 - When the security appliance is an easy VPN remote device or server, the peer certificate contains a subject name that does not match the ca verifycertdn command. This message might indicate a "man in the middle" attack.
402114 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received that specifies an SPI that does not exist in the SA database. This may be a temporary condition due to slight differences in aging of SAs between the IPSec peers, or it may be because the local SAs have been cleared. It may also indicate incorrect packets sent by the IPSec peer, which may be part of an attack.
402115 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received that is missing the expected ESP header. The peer is sending packets that do not match the negotiated security policy. This may indicate an attack.
402116 - This message is displayed when a decapsulated IPSec packet does not match the negotiated identity. The peer is sending other traffic through this security association. It may be due to a security association selection error by the peer, or it may be part of an attack.
402117 - This message is displayed when the received packet matched the crypto map ACL, but it is not IPSec-encapsulated. The IPSec Peer is sending unencapsulated packets. This error can occur because of a policy setup error on the peer. For example, the firewall may be configured to only accept encrypted Telnet traffic to the outside interface port 23. If you attempt to Telnet without IPSec encryption to the outside interface on port 23, this message appears, but not on telnet or traffic to the outside interface on ports other than 23. This error can also indicate an attack.
402118 - This message is displayed when a decapsulatd IPSec packet contains an IP fragment with an offset less than or equal to 128 bytes. The latest version of the Security Architecture for IP RFC recommends 128 bytes as the minimum IP fragment offset to prevent reassembly attacks.
402119 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received with an invalid sequence number. The peer is sending packets containing sequence numbers that may have been previously used. This syslog message indicates that an IPSec packet has been received with a sequence number outside of the acceptable window. This packet will be dropped by IPSec as part of a possible attack.
402120 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received and fails authentication. The packet is dropped. The packet may have been corrupted in transit or the peer may be sending invalid IPSec packets. This may indicate an attack if many of these packets are received from the same peer.
405001 - The security appliance received an ARP packet, and the MAC address in the packet differs from the ARP cache entry. This traffic might be legitimate, or it might indicate that an ARP poisoning attack is in progress.
410002 - This syslog message is generated when the security device detects an excess number of DNS responses with a mismatched DNS identifier. The threshold is set by the id-mismatch DNS policy-map parameter submode command. A high rate of mismatched DNS identifiers might indicate an attack on the cache.
