106022 - A packet matching a connection arrives on a different interface from the interface that the connection began on.
313005 - ICMP error packets were dropped by the security appliance because the ICMP error messages are not related to any session already established in the security appliance
337004 - This message occurs when the computed authentication tag is not the same as the authentication tag in the packet.
402114 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received that specifies an SPI that does not exist in the SA database. This may be a temporary condition due to slight differences in aging of SAs between the IPSec peers, or it may be because the local SAs have been cleared. It may also indicate incorrect packets sent by the IPSec peer, which may be part of an attack.
402115 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received that is missing the expected ESP header. The peer is sending packets that do not match the negotiated security policy. This may indicate an attack.
402116 - This message is displayed when a decapsulated IPSec packet does not match the negotiated identity. The peer is sending other traffic through this security association. It may be due to a security association selection error by the peer, or it may be part of an attack.
402117 - This message is displayed when the received packet matched the crypto map ACL, but it is not IPSec-encapsulated. The IPSec Peer is sending unencapsulated packets. This error can occur because of a policy setup error on the peer.
402118 - This message is displayed when a decapsulatd IPSec packet contains an IP fragment with an offset less than or equal to 128 bytes. The latest version of the Security Architecture for IP RFC recommends 128 bytes as the minimum IP fragment offset to prevent reassembly attacks.
402119 - This syslog message indicates that an IPSec packet has been received with a sequence number outside of the acceptable window. This packet will be dropped by IPSec as part of a possible attack.
402120 - This message is displayed when an IPSec packet is received and fails authentication. The packet is dropped. The packet may have been corrupted in transit or the peer may be sending invalid IPSec packets. This may indicate an attack if many of these packets are received from the same peer.
406002 - A client issued an FTP port command and supplied an address other than the address used in the connection. This error message is indicative of an attempt to avert the site.s security policy. For example, an attacker might attempt to hijack an FTP session by changing the packet on the way, and putting different source information instead of the correct source information.
431001 - The RTP packet was dropped. Examine the dropped RTP packets to determine which field the RTP source is setting incorrectly. Also examine the source to verify that it is legitimate and not an attacker trying to misuse an opening in the security appliance.
431002 - Dropping RTCP packet. Examine the dropped RTP packets to determine which field the RTP source is setting incorrectly. Also examine the source to verify that it is legitimate and not an attacker trying to misuse an opening in the security appliance.
722001 - The request from the SSL VPN client (SVC) was invalid.
